[TT-16594] Update documentation for master (Gateway) (#1500)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/gateway-config.mdx

Allow your Dashboard to remotely set Gateway configuration via the Nodes screen.

### enable_config_inspection
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_ENABLECONFIGINSPECTION</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

Set to true to enable the /config and /env endpoints for configuration inspection.

> These endpoints require X-Tyk-Authorization header with the secret value.

Reviewer: Isn't this the case for all Gateway API endpoints? I guess it's just a reminder?

Reviewer 2: changed as of @sharadregoti's suggestion

> These endpoints require X-Tyk-Authorization header with the secret value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set to true to enable the `/config` and `/env` endpoints for configuration inspection.
```

Reviewer 2: changed :+1:

Specify public keys used for Certificate Pinning on global level.

### security.allow_unsafe_dynamic_mtls_token
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_SECURITY_ALLOWUNSAFEDYNAMICMTLSTOKEN</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> AllowUnsafeDynamicMTLSToken controls whether certificate presence is required for

Reviewer: Does this have to start AllowUnsafeDynamicMTLSToken (which I guess is the label used within the code) rather than `allow_unsafe_dynamic_mtls_token (which is actually how it is used externally)?

dynamic mTLS authentication. If set to false (default), requests with a token but

> no certificate will be rejected for APIs using dynamic mTLS.

Reviewer: This is no longer called Dynamic mTLS from 5.12... but I think the following would work for both 5.8 and 5.12:

```suggestion
allow_unsafe_dynamic_mtls_token is provided for backward compatibility with clients that are authorized using just the token for APIs secured with legacy Dynamic mTLS. If set to false (default), the client certificate must be presented and the mTLS handshake will be enforced. This is the recommended setting.
```

Reviewer 2: Changed the wording

### policies.policy_source
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_POLICIES_POLICYSOURCE</b><br />

> Type: `PolicySource`<br />

Reviewer 3: Can you update this? we don't want Golang types in docs.

I do remember that this can be taken care of by the GitHub action that generates these docs.

Reviewer 2: changed and I'm looking into the generators

RPCKeysCacheExpiration defines the expiration time of the rpc cache that stores the keys, defined in seconds

### slave_options.rpc_cert_fetch_max_elapsed_time
ENV: <b>TYK_GW_SLAVEOPTIONS_RPCCERTFETCHMAXELAPSEDTIME</b><br />
Type: `float32`<br />

> RPCCertFetchMaxElapsedTime sets the maximum time in seconds to retry certificate fetch from MDCB during startup (default: 30)

Reviewer: Is this standard - having the internal code label (RPCCertFetchMaxElapsedTime) rather than the label that a user would actually use in their config (rpc_cert_fetch_max_elapsed_time)? Seems a bit open to misinterpretation. This comment applies to all of these new fields.

Options: ["1.0", "1.1", "1.2", "1.3"].
Defaults to "1.2".

### analytics_storage.compress_api_definitions

> ENV: <b>TYK_GW_ANALYTICSSTORAGE_COMPRESSAPIDEFINITIONS</b><br />

Reviewer: I guess this field is included in `analytics_storage` because it's a common config structure used for general purpose Redis, traffic logs (analytics) and cache.

To my understanding of the feature, it's only relevant to the general purpose `storage` - so here it should be N/A: can it be omitted?

Reviewer 2: removed this entry

Options: ["1.0", "1.1", "1.2", "1.3"].
Defaults to "1.2".

> ### cache_storage.compress_api_definitions

Reviewer: Per the note on `analytics_storage`, I think this should be N/A: can it be omitted?

Reviewer 2: removed this entry
